about us yen you guys know I keep it
real ously honest about a lot of things
that vegans maybe do not like to be so
honest about and you know one of them is
that I'm not an expert about vegan
health and although I really appreciate
the contribution that people like vegan
gains make vegan gains recently did
another really really good video talking
about just cholesterol and heart disease
and cancer and health related issues
like the veganism but I have absolutely
no false confidence about the adequacy
of my diet I just ate a meal that
consisted of almost nothing but green
vegetables in white rice and I can
honestly say if I wasn't taking a
vitamin pill I think it would be
nutritionally inadequate I think I would
be damaging my health so I'm wearing a
lot of layers today because it's cold in
here so this is an example I'm gonna
mention I feel cold as hell right now
and I asked other people at my school I
asked the teachers I'd want to locker
room like is it cold in here and I'm not
asking to make small talk I'm I'm
actually worried look hick it feels cold
to me I actually don't know if my health
is falling apart because my ridiculous
they can tie it or if it's really cold
in here I'm gonna zip this up now even
though it looks weird like for real I
live with that kind of you know
uncertainty in my life um you know the
whole vegan diet it's a little bit of an
experiment the outcomes are a little bit
unknowable so there I may I may look
ridiculous but I'm cold I'm buttoning up
because I actually feel cold alright uh
um it's winter and could Ming um when I
was in Canada before I came to to Asia
this time I'll boost myself up in the
seat of it camera angle here is not
perfect you know when I was in Canada in
the couple of months before coming to to
China this time I had a lot of things to
be unhappy about including just job
applications
you know I applied for a whole bunch of
jobs I did a whole bunch of job
interviews
some of them real jobs some of them
internships you know what I mean so job
being used in it you know
in a broad sense here a lot of things to
be stressed out about a lot of things to
be unhappy about and of course I still
have my divorce you know situation with
trying to visit my daughter etc so um I
felt like crap I felt like crap for a
couple of months then I switched brands
of multivitamin and I felt fantastic
it's so easy if you feel like garbage
it's so easy to attribute that to the
problems in your life like oh well I've
just been applying for these jobs I've
just been going through this stuff with
my lawyer and my divorce I have all
these reasons to be unhappy you know you
have things you can attribute it to but
I switched from one brand of
multivitamin to another and this brand
of multivitamins is a very very long
list it includes all the really obscure
vitamins like vitamin k2 it really it
gets it gets into the vitamins that you
know it some of them it should be
impossible
this has k-1 k-2 of course all the B
vitamins
of course b2 b3 b5 b6 b12 biotin copper
manganese lutein you know beta-carotene
of course this has selenium vanadium
chromium I have no idea what my diet was
deficient in during those couple of
months I have no idea but I felt like
crap and I attributed it to you know
applying for jobs and other stress not
you don't know and I mean it's so easy
to front it's so easy to say oh no
matter where you are you can have a 100%
wonderful adequate vegan diet you can
feel great and vibrant and healthy and
be happy I don't know that I'm being
honest with you I think if you live in
California you can have a 100% adequate
vibrant wonderful diet I think everyone
in the Greater Los Angeles area can have
a happy vibrant healthy you can diet I
used to live in Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan can
holy [ __ ] it's difficult to have a vegan
diet in Saskatchewan I talked to one
person on the internet who was living in
the Yukon here in the Yukon or Alaska I
think it's hard as hell I'm in Kunming
China right now it's a struggle eating
food is a struggle I just had a big
conflict with the director of this
school day by day getting enough food in
my life is a strong I don't know I think
without this vitamin pill I think I'd be
dead already
yeah so anyway look I mean you know I
don't know what what's the point of
keeping it real what's the point of
living a lie you know yeah exactly my
whole life is a lie so I've got live
comments going what I'm not gonna front
and you know I've mentioned this before
one of my supporters on patreon sent me
a really honest email so I mean really
honest message saying that she followed
the instructions on the internet about
feeding her dog a vegan diet and she was
totally confident that her dog was gonna
be happy and healthy and vibrant all
this crap on a vegan diet and the dog's
health was totally destroyed its
skeleton [ __ ] collapsed dog has
permanent skeletal damage the vet was
amazed the vet he said he never seen
anything like this in the world and she
followed the advice given by petaa
People for the Ethical Treatment and
other websites about how to have a vegan
dog guess what it's an experiment we you
know I mean the whole realm of human
health research involves gray areas
involved unknown untested things in
science I think when you get into dog
health research how much you know how
much you know horrid clinical evidence
do we have about dogs on a vegan diet
like these would be millions of dollars
of research that can't possibly turn a
profit who's you think the Purina Purina
Dog fecal using the US government is
sitting down saying look guys we need to
make this a research priority I doubt it
so you know it's really easy to to
display a kind of false confidence about
these things
I'd much rather share my own sense of
honest uncertainty you know I live with
that uncertainty every day I live with
that difficulty I live with that
struggle and of course I mean it's
meaningful to feed your dog vegan diet
it's the right thing to do it's
meaningful for me as a human being to
live a vegan diet etc etc but the fact
that I can show you a website with a
professional athlete living in
California and say look at this
bodybuilder
he's on a vegan diet he's totally
healthy for one thing I don't know if
he's healthy I don't really know that
but I can look at a photograph of a
vegan bodybuilder but for another thing
I'm not living in California I'm not
that bodybuilder
I'm not taking steroids I'm not living
his lifestyle currently here in China I
don't have access to two protein powder
and I wish I did you know so I'm just
keeping it real my lunch today consisted
of absolutely nothing but white rice and
green vegetable I think if I wasn't
taking this vitamin pill I like I have
no pretensions that this is a healthy or
adequate or complete diet but I do not
want to compromise I refuse to eat bread
that has powdered eggs in it I refuse to
eat you know milk products in cookies or
bread or anything else so you know
that's it man that's all I have to say
is the struggle is real
about us Yin Xiu Qi says I miss you guys
so much
hi guys during the week it is one of my
favorite things to do and I'm like oh my
god oh [ __ ] okay again I'm not even
gonna close up the video I'm not gonna
imitate that I'm just gonna directly
clip that piece of video and put a bonus
yen